this episode of gizmo slip is brought to
you by the Nissan innovation garage
what's up Internet Bram Baldwin here
darren dyke and welcome to gizmo slip
the show we drop test the latest in
technology if it survives we'll give it
away to you guys if it doesn't we
destroy it spectacularly today we're
bringing you the iphone 5 vs samsung
galaxy s3 so today we're drop testing
the iPhone 5 we're taking you from four
feet and dropping it over to back on its
side and on its front and we're gonna
see how it stands up we're also going to
be comparing it to the galaxy s3 which
we already dropped tested we're just
curious and excited to see how they
compare but anyway let's go ahead and do
it oh and by the way we've got a couple
TV stations from around Houston here to
film us today all right wait there is
haha hi guys this is the 4 foot drop
onto its back
in 3 2 1
you
well I am only seeing scuffs at the
moment there's only like a little
scratch on the side like a little nick
here but the back is definitely intact
that's definitely a win for the iPhone 5
because the iPhone 4 and 4s would
definitely not take a fall like that
because of the glass back so the iPhone
5 survived the four-foot drop onto its
back let's go on to the s3 and see how
it
three-two-one
alright guys let's take a look at how it
did picking it up look like it stopped
recording but it looks like the device
is completely ok either close up on it
oh look at that the camera actually
cracked the glass over the camera
actually cracked that's actually never
seen that happen before this is the
4-foot drop onto its corner
three-two-one
you
alright guys let's go ahead and check
that out and see how this did well it's
definitely a little bit more of an
indentation but it's not a cracked
screen at all the back of the front are
fine let's turn this on
yeah it's turning on it's reacting seems
to be just fine right now the iPhone 5
definitely just survived its drop on to
its side
let's go ahead and see how the galaxy s3
did dropping it on the corner three two
one
alright guys as you can see it actually
broke really badly from the corner
upward all the way to the top right the
screen actually separated from the back
right here but I'm going to try to push
that down okay so that that went back
together so it really it's just the
screen that's cracked really bad and
this corner is is mashed up pretty badly
too so unfortunately this is not survive
we're going to be drop testing this on
its face in just a second but now word
from our sponsors so this week we're
brought to you by the Nissan innovation
garage you see Nissan's put together
this initiative that's based on the idea
that many of the most influential ideas
and concepts and inventions have been
developed in people's garages and they
want to hear your ideas it can be
literally about anything Nissan is
actually giving away two 2013 Nissan
Altimas as well as 250 thousand dollar
grants as well as help in getting a
Kickstarter Initiative going to help
make your guy's ideas a reality if I
were making a submission for this thing
I have a lot of experience behind the
camera and I spent a lot of time
traveling all over the country
filming very interesting people with
really crazy life experiences and if I
had the opportunity I would love to
travel the world and just make creative
short films highlighting the lifestyles
of many of the most interesting people
in the world in the hopes of inspiring
you guys in inspiring other people
around the world to really pursue their
dreams but that's my idea Nissan really
wants to hear about your guys's ideas so
if you have an idea that you think can
really make it big go and submit your
idea to Nissan innovation garage comm
for the chance to make your dream a
reality so the iPhone 5 already beat the
galaxy s3 which failed its side drop but
we still have the face down drop which
is usually the
brutal on these phones so let's go ahead
and see how it does hi so this is the
moment of truth three two one
I heard a crunch of some sort on
punch on the back too so let's uh maybe
maybe uh it was so close
turning honestly yes told is it still
responsive yes still responsive like
it's definitely reacting fine alright
guys so the screen is definitely fairly
well decimated it is not going to be a
survival well guys the galaxy s3
definitely failed the drop test and we
destroyed it like this like cut that bit
up like that and then the iPhone 5 even
though it did better than the galaxy s3
still failed the drop test so we are
going to be destroying this and we have
something fairly special in minds you
have to tune in Monday for that guys the
comment question of the day is what
innovations do you have you can stand
your innovations over a Nissan
innovation garage comm or post in the
comment below or both and we're giving
away a $25 Best Buy gift card to the
comment we like the most I post a lot of
video game videos on quadrant TV you can
click right here to go visit that and
you can go check out some of my
cinematography at youtube.com slash
darren dyke just an annotation right
here we'll see you guys soon don't
forget subscribe like us on facebook and
follow us on twitter